Did you call Summer?
He can't come back
Can't get through, don't know where he went to play
He'll come back when he's done playing
Besides, outside
There are a few who are as sincere as we are to him
OK
Yeah, maybe he's guilty
But if he doesn't come back today
Tell him not to come back to this house in the future.
I couldn't figure it out before
Why don't my parents love me?
Why did you let me stay at my uncle's house all the time?
My mother used to love me very much
Oh, right.
He wants a younger brother
Cheng Ziqing stole something, I memorized it
My mom lost her baby.
I memorized
My uncle entered my room in the dark and forced me to pick up guests
I want to give too
Because I dare not offend them.
You might ask
Why didn't I tell my parents?
I actually told my dad
Dad said
It's all family
If your mother knew
What your uncle did to you
He's going crazy
Brother, I just made it for you.
Cheng Ziqing followed her mother's love for him
Bullying me at school
The bully was when I was 18
He also asked Liu Yao
Dragged me into the alley
Saved me I want to report the case
At this time
And here I was.
I thought he was never like that.
Stand up for me once
I've darkened it.
This is so embarrassing.
I can't accept a daughter who's been raped.
even
And he asked me to marry him.
Marry him a little padded jacket
Come and sit at home today
My aunt?
You have so much ability, haha, don't mind?
This is my dad.
Is that what you said?
Is it all real him?
He killed my parents, both of them candy caps
And aunt, didn't you say it too?
Hypocritical people don't deserve to live in this world
You don't love me anymore, get out of here
You stand here and get out
You are the father
How can you be like this
This kind of thing
What do you want me to do?
He's your brother.
I'm thinking of you too
I asked him to marry Liu Yao
Aren't you satisfied too?
Little girl, your father is a loser
You have the ability and you want face
What are you doing with this kind of trash?
Makeup girl, what would you do?
Did you capture your brother or kill the man who raped Summer?